Added a ref to git resource (#2186)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/_partials/_tutorials-before-you-start.md

> ## Before you continue 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you continue
```

Author: @deadlypants1973  Does the white space affect the UI?

Reviewer: @Ekwuno no visible changes, just cleaner script.

Author: @deadlypants1973 Oh gotcha. I will commit this and merge

> All of the turorials assume you already have fundamental knowledge of [git](https://git-scm.com/). If you are new to git that's ok, pause and checkout this [summarized git handbook](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/) on how to set up git on your machine with some of the helpful commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the framework guides assume you already have a fundamental understanding of [git](https://git-scm.com/). If you are new to git, refer to this [summarized git handbook](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/) on how to set up git on your local machine. 
```

Author: @deadlypants1973  Currently, having some issues running this on my work laptop, but I ran it on my personal laptop and the formatting looks good to me. Do you mind giving it a second look?
